h1. Eboshi

Eboshi is a web application for collaborative time-tracking and invoicing, written in Ruby on Rails. We use this internally at BOTandROSE design.

h2. Setup

h3. Requirements

* Ruby version 1.8.7
* Bundler 1.0
* Prince 7.0 for pdf output "http://www.princexml.com/download/":http://www.princexml.com/download/
  * TODO: replace with wkhtmltopdf

Other versions of these requirements may work, but have not been tested.

h3. Get the source

bc. git clone git://github.com/botandrose/eboshi.git

h3. Install gems

Inside the eboshi directory, install gems using Bundler:

bc. bundle

h3. Configure & Finish

Copy config/database.sample.yml to config/database.yml, then edit it to match your database configuration.

Run @bundle exec rake eboshi:bootstrap@ to create and set up the database.

Run the application to finish the installation:

Start the server with passenger, thin, webrick, whatever, and load it up in your browser. You will then be led through the rest of the installation (e.g. creating an admin account, etc.)

h2. Contact & information

"http://eboshi-app.blogspot.com/":http://eboshi-app.blogspot.com/

"www.botandrose.com":http://www.botandrose.com


h2. Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history. (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

h2. Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Bot and Rose, Inc. See LICENSE for details.
